mr. future okay cool so we are recording
now welcome everyone to the JSI desk or
dev week we sync up I'll be the lead for
today do we have any volunteers to be a
little bigger
I'll give you an award at the end of the
quarter for being the most amazing a
picker thank you so much cool okay so as
you all know we always do a round of
updates we things we have done we are
blocked and what we plan to do next we
have some people missing today but they
shared a bed with us and I was just like
go through it quickly so I'm first on
the list if you haven't shared your
plate please add it to the creeper
I'm personally saying it's a tool and
I've been every night pretty busy
because my head is getting even more
split than usual
and so I have created a module called
package table and package table is
actually just like grab solicitation and
i converts it to my exam table that then
presents like which packages I use my
project in whiskey I and coverage and
other things we want fortunately I never
out from a pic we just took it to the
next level and now we are using it for
I sort of like repeating code we are
using it for just to be fair if it could
appear just really and also go a bit
appear go appeal the end go ipfs so now
like all these projects are using this
like way to present like which where's
the kill base like where are the modules
so that's pretty cool i reviewed i
discuss and review their work plan for
Giselle because I yo like that website
as a whole like there's still some
missing features that we wanted to add
on the website of the project and they
should be delivered by the end of
September it's like end of the quarter
really exciting and that's like groomed
waffle words like the one word some well
so I just like went and like start
leaving all the issues you might have
gotten a lot of notifications from me
another said like my my availability
right now to the Jess project is this
like as decrease a little bit so really
like ping me directly if I'm blocking
you we could like that that okay so it's
just like ping me directly
I'm trying to keep up and and pay
attention to everything but I might
scrape something so if you need the pre
quest with you I can architecture a rock
with you or some other thing just just
let me know for this week I want to have
a lot of time to
they take a like I might forget to do
some steps but I'm not like promising
anything because again my time is
limited and I'll be out for the week
after actually from September 3rd to
September 10th and and I'm asking at the
end of this crit belt if someone is
available to be the wheel of this
college I see that like Allen already
want here foresee timer 10 if someone
wants to wait for today my third just
like have your name there on line one
two five and that's it for me any
questions
cool alright so next up we have Allen
which is not here
it's a holiday yeah and so there's like
okay there's a lot of things happening
here on files and like releasing just IP
first 31.7 that's exciting let's make
sure like to give feedback to our and
when we pour request the notes to the to
the PM repo and like if you have a
question for him you can just like take
him on your comment Jacob you're next
all right how did you do so I've got
Pierre in contact rotting working it's
pretty much done there's some
outstanding full requests right now I'm
working on the example of that and so if
I find anything as I'm going through the
example then I'll make some tweaks to
the open PRS for that I released a fix
for IP NS there was a security issue
public key validation wasn't happening
properly because the callback expects
provides a boolean and that wasn't being
checked on so that's now fixed and we
also submitted an NPM security advisory
before that DHT we've got a PR for
encoding logs to kind of improve logs
for users and we also added a ticket for
just improving changing that over to SC
IDs in the future because right now it's
using buffers for all the keys um so the
goal there is to switch all that over to
see IDs so that we can future proof that
a little bit better for migrations um
some other stuff around the DHT routing
or sorry only around content routing
also finalized some some language around
lib p2p using bundles instead of factory
for the Lib p2p custom bundle pull
request so that should allow us to use
functions so I think that should make it
out in the next minor release of ipfs
and then I'm slightly blocked on one pr4
delegate content routing there's DHT
interface wasn't compliant so it was not
accepting a timeout and that makes that
really annoying for in the delegate
routing to allow multiple modules
because right now in the Lib PDP for
delegate routing you can specify
multiple modules so you can have a
delegate router and a DHT and the DHT
will get prioritized but if we're trying
to if the interface doesn't match then
that's super annoying so at a PR for
that and then the go ipfs updates which
will hopefully get done in the next
couple of weeks and then this week I'll
be working on finalizing the delegate
example on the state machine updates and
I'll probably sync up with Vasco on some
ipfs configuration updates on for better
go interoperability I think that is it
questions yeah I do excellent when you
mean pika appear incident routing is
pretty much done you mean the delegated
version or the Hoover yes the delegated
version where when you say like you're
blocked on the delegated rods content
routing PR about the interface that is
missing you are blocked on like a full
request review or the maintainer of the
module so I'm maintaining that it's just
a full request review oh yeah now that
bash goes back I'll probably also ping
him because I know you're super busy so
I'll reach out to bashful for that so
don't go obligate to that to be sweet
okay I'll try to look at it but yeah but
if we we can share that that's great
on the go ipfs it was my understanding
that we already had delegated endpoints
about one infrastructure at least
everyone's like some tests like three
months ago perhaps they are not to all
the commented and so yeah I did you get
back from the restructure team like if
they are so it used to be deployed but
then it was taken down and so I think
we're just waiting on that there needs
some fig configuration stuff that they
need to do on the IP FS side so that
it's not always turned on for every node
and so they want to finalize that so
Lars is looking at that but probably
won't have I think early September kill
house you said a lot of time to look at
that so sweet
okay okay yeah perhaps like it makes
sense to actually create nodes on the
infrastructure just for these purpose as
we have the preload nodes maybe we have
like the delegation know so that we we
have what we are pointing to yeah do you
have any do you have any demos or are
you waiting to get like all these
deployed so that you have the full shiny
demo with it working with the actual
infrastructure
so I'm gonna get the example going so
that I can at least get a demo of that
going locally and then I'll probably do
more full-blown demo once that's out in
the wild sweet all right cool that's it
for me any other questions to Jacob
alright I don't see any hands thank you
so much cool Vasco you're next
hello so I've been you know last week so
I have nothing relevant to in the down
block currently three yards to relate to
type in s when it's the main
implementation for GSM FS I had some
reviewers of Alan I hope it will be
merged is really soon and I will other
to about the interrupt tests of IP NS in
the river so next I want to level those
I penis related pairs merged and I'm
also and I also need to fix a bug in
ipfs API related to the interfacing ipfs
core tests for adventists and then i
also need to check all the requests that
I have like yards and issues on the
ripples which I am with my China I
receive lots of mail so I will go
through them all and I also want to get
an initial implementation of my penis
over person and and then I will also be
available for help in Jacob Sweden
thank you taking you for the other any
other thing sorry I thought you had
finished ok yeah thank you
so question is when you say you are
blocked I just like open one other peers
I didn't drop one it seems like you
actually created these people requests
you are just walking like someone
reviewing and merging is that correct
the repo is the other one the the one
for the I pianist needs the the GS ffs
to be merged to then updating the
interrupts be repealed afterwards ok can
you like add a comment that's why I'm
saying what is he saying
it's like merjan release if it's only if
it's actually like a bigger problem
it helps me so then I crowd properly
make sure like it is just a review that
like it's very easy to open like go to
the coast if it requires more like if it
requires design work or writing code
then then it's a whole other story so
I'm just like trying to make sure I know
exactly how your blog so that can help
you okay sweet thank you alright
Google your next or this anyone ask
questions for radical sorry I haven't
seen hands oh go
always so I open an issue regarding the
the demon on GSA preface because as we
have right now the various ideas aside
the especially the getting started
section all the steps there while a new
users to get started and stuff like that
but one on the steps let's see the CLI
is missing one step as the repository is
now in master I mean I'm not sure that
this wasn't the case weeks ago but that
is you will see the issue basically if
you want to eat blue and ipfs cats or
get whatever you need to have demons
running already and so either we start
node in the CLI path called path to not
need the demon started manually or we
just need to change steps for the CLI so
please go there and give your feedback
around that that issue also I am almost
finished sharing after the the tests as
everything related to that's the bigger
the test looking really to know first
adding in multiple ways then adding in
one way and getting even much ways and
also started integrating everything I
did in the last water about the same
thing but in the browser but in the
middle we just stopped to improve how
this stuff would be run and that it's an
environment of ours
but that's I will by doing that I
realized that I need to change some of
the repo angling so we can like specify
where the rapist goes where the river
goes because this stuff gets needs to be
biking the external hard drive or
something like that
so I stopped the browser parts and
finished and refactor a little bit saw
the report direction is done so I can
release to this repository and get your
feedback and I'll finish the browser
stuff later so basically I'm just about
finished this little reflector and the
story will go to heat up and then I'll
finish also the tests and one issue I
found with the CTL mean that the init
and start methods in the API can are
don't match the behaviors documented in
the ended with me so I'll be fixing that
you in the next week or this week
questions sweet I do have a couple the
yeah on the first issue like it is also
unclear to me because like so ipfs is
also very like quantum in that sense
like sometimes it sounds to demon
internally sometimes he tells you the
demons of fine so he cannot cat the file
in and so this is acting more like a
nightly pesticide decision like I
profess you exercise decision we want to
start the demon in the background for
users or ones just to tell them hey I
like your demon is running offline and
so we are which is like checking
whatever it's here and if you want to
turn the demon online just start the
demon so yeah I invite everyone to like
comment on that issue that's Google
linked here issue
15:27 because it's an open question on
the part of Mikey like point like
changing the path where the river gets
created like there's an environment
variable called I feel fast setting this
should give you a way to change where
Rico gets in it've and stored so doing a
purpose path equals some thumb pad write
some pad ipfs demon or the other
people's demon should make sure that
they'd like your demon now runs
overnight like a repo that is not on dot
JCB fest but that's on that path so I'm
not sure like if the documentation is
missing or if you went away but like
what I'm trying to say is like that
there is a way
come on boy who like you should not have
to like refactor the entire code base to
to like do this yep it's just when you
see the ripple you won't understand
because there are several several paths
that I need to set I need to set like
the note that I had the data needs to be
pointed to one folder the the node that
gets there needs to be pointed to
another folder and also in the browser
when I start to puppeteer to start out
the chrome you know to changed change
the folder where the index DB gets
stored so there there are a couple of
paths and I need to to EndNote and it's
just a little bit of reflector so
everything is clear and easy to change
so it can be flexible and get and
basically what I'd change mostly was
like changing CTL to use an amount
disposable instead of disposable and
yeah but it's it's it's almost finished
it's nothing major just a little thing
about being flexible and be having the
clinical waste all right what's what
okay okay cool I just wanna make sure
you knew about that
that's environment variable and you
don't have any other questions any
questions for we go
whoo okay thank you
we have ten minutes left still for
triplets to go let's go next to Travis
Lu you mean okay awesome so I got a the
IP to bj's browser implementation as a
working working a mutation that works
actually well and allows you to use the
go Ike if s COI and communicate with a
JSI PFS daemon run in a browser which is
kind of Awesome
so there's a link there to that PR I
need a someone to review I got cut a
little bit the end of the last week so I
wasn't able to try and find someone but
I have a general approach that I would
be interested in if someone wants to
kind of just kind of look over and see
if it seems reasonable it's pretty
flexible so I think that's pretty good
you can start the next I guess bit to
finish off the the OPR is to actually
figure out a way to build integration
testing against the different
implementations and and where we want to
run those tests and how we want them to
be ran so once you probably open an
issue for that probably I guess in the
J's ipfs repository and then we can
start any discussion on how we want to
actually have these these tests run to
show the the cross implementation
integration BC is pretty cool like I'm
exciting I'm excited this is exciting
do you have any like I see there is a
demo script and output do you have any
video demo that people can I check out
this working and like running through
some tests I have one that's I have the
best script I ran I had a really early
precursor
trusty cast or whatever but I have to go
find the URL back in IRC I'll update the
issue or I'll make a new one actually
because that was really clunky that
shows it it's it's a little lackluster
because you there's no way to tell
whether you're actually talking to a
browser just ipfs daemon or just
suggests ipfs daemon but it it works
cool while perhaps like the reason why
you didn't get feedback so far I just
noticed the bike IPTV was not one of the
repos it's like the JavaScript email
access and perhaps like no one I got the
pink so I just like added 15 to this
repo as well so you know you can I just
ask for reviews directly to to all these
folks yeah this is a super exciting I
really look forward to at IPTV to do a
lot of like interoperability testing
thank you so much any questions for
Travis alright I guess is it Matty
you're next and so can everyone hear me
yes so I added you requested changes to
the PR for using pre-generated to pure
IDs and just accuracy CGI and now I'm
waiting for a review of dead I also have
two other PRS open that have been
sitting there and nothing was really
done about them so one is this idea
change that checks for you unused and
missing dependencies I've applied to
changes that were requested but haven't
really received an update on that also I
have rewritten web RTC star and to use
another module for exchange of the web
RTC messages and I have also done with
that a few weeks ago on an all-hands car
I also haven't received an update about
that and would like to get some news
about whether this is going to be merged
or not yeah got it
thank you for the other I think like a
couple of the four requests meter yeah
like let's get the generated pre IDs as
fast as possible because I get that is a
huge speed boost I saw that there was
like some some I commented on me today
and apparently there's like something's
missing
that like cut then also today so awesome
perhaps like one of us the other the
time the review and merge on the waiver
to see Star revamp I still need like to
dig through more of that the the
feedback I have right now is I see that
like you created a new interface data
exchange which which is like adding
another type of like module to leap you
to peer which is unnecessarily something
that we like we have designed for or
that we have thought through well like I
Anderson like it was like an experiment
that you did and it's awesome
so we really need to look like what is
this new type of like that exchange
model for with peer-to-peer is it needed
is there any other way or is just like
something very custom for these two
skies and so because there is a lot of
like thinking to be done there okay that
feedback might take a little bit more
time because everyone is just like super
focus on the object is Lt result so
therefore this quarter and also I don't
know I speak some people have like
thinking always so so sorry
apologies for I could do way there but
but it really requires some some some
deep thinking for that one any any other
questions or I do have any follow-up
comment machi yeah so two things first
one data exchange basically tries to put
one socket IO does currently in web RTC
start into a module that it works of our
existing connections as well as one
existing connections like over socket IO
and also I forgot to mention there is
also another PR for Jays the PDP crypto
which uses your URLs are optional module
and there seems to be a problem with
tests failing on Windows but as I do not
have any idea about Windows I would need
some help I was getting dead fixed
because I don't really use Windows so
cool yeah I had that the least they do
people to being about windows are
Dominic
he's mostly focused on quite papers but
he can give you a bunch of tips and also
I think which is just about purple on
the Windows platform so he knows how to
get around
I really like the you are say is to
speed up like the key generation that's
great
yes I'm using a native module instead of
a node Forge
got it and there is an automatic fall
back to not for Chester native module
fails but on Windows for tests it also
tests with the native module and forth
so it fails interesting okay definitely
add this to the list and then we can
ping the mechanic to see if they can
give you a hand
or anyone else that has experience with
windows and wants to check it out cool
any other questions - machi I don't see
any hands okay last but not the least
John I done good to see you here you
share with us your update can you hear
me yeah perfectly perfect good so I've
just been in addition to looking at
research papers and emailing professors
I've also been looking at the code and
trying to just see you know how its
structured and kind of get up to speed
on the interfaces and so forth for
eventually doing more intensive DHD
rework but one thing I did discover
there's an issue I linked in the in the
notes that with JSI PFS if you start if
you try to add a file immediately after
the note is ready the DHT doesn't have
any notes so it basically gets not
advertised anyone but I'm not sure where
that should be fixed if this is an IP FS
issue or a lit p2p issue if there should
be queuing of data that should be sent
to the DHT I'm not sure you know what
the clean fix for this is but at least
there's a problem
yeah yeah I get get your question I
think I don't know a little bit about it
which means I didn't anything more and
other people she liked voice their
opinion soup but like I think what it so
happened it's just like when it knows
boots up there should be some grace
period like every provide Carl I just I
just understands it like the DTC like
warming up and so yeah there should be
like he said if I could the Reaper of I
being 12 hours it should be maybe like
two minutes for the first half an hour
or something well while it warms up and
after he's warmed up then then I move
the Reaper vide function two to twelve
hours again sounds reasonable yeah so
but but I can eject my little thinking
wait let's definitely have up on this
year anyway yeah I just wanted to that
was I mean that JSI PFS does actually
seem to be advertising files if I wait
for the note to warm up which is awesome
we just need to get the inter up right
so that go and yes I can be happy
friends on DT oh well I was I was
getting that poem cleared out with go on
same so it's sort of working I don't
know Ange is saying okay that's great
because we haven't really tested again
there was a lot of I can drop fixes on
the seeming mystery multiplexer so
probably you are the first person to
actually tested because we would not
seem so busy so that's it that's a great
news you should record a demo like it's
just like a expose everyone get some
fancy please
all right thank you all right
I really need to now stop the colleague
is if we have a hard stop one minute ago
they go ipfs one these or the gill cord
everyone is going start and I need to be
there to open it up so I don't see
anymore
well yeah you don't see any more updates
it's usually got three volunteers for
next to a weekly sync ups and yeah thank
you all for coming and for your updates
see you around
on the interwebs
about